[do-not-merge]🎨 Add code of conduct references and template (#556)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/2-structured/project-setup/base-documentation.md

![CONTRIBUTING.md](../../../assets/img/standard-base-documentation/CONTRIBUTING-for-contributors.png)

### CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

> Defining a Code of Conduct within an InnerSource project is essential for fostering a welcoming and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are open collaboration and sharing really new for your organization? Does your organization consists of teams with vastly different team cultures (often happens through organization growth and acquisitions)?

In these cases defining a Code of Conduct within your InnerSource project will help to foster a welcoming and
```

The previous section for the CONTRIBUTING.md contains a qualifier, stating when a separate file makes sense:
> If the explanation of the steps to make a contribution are too involved,

I wonder if we could add something similar to the beginning of the CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md section?

I think we could use bits and pieces from this comment of yours:

> From my field experience, CoC helps to create a safe space of collaboration when the community is starting inside an organization where open collaboration and sharing can be really new. It is very common in organizations with some kind of "common culture", but it is also common that each team has an specific way of working, processes, or behaviors. That "team culture" (sometimes we identify as a ["Social Contract"](https://openpracticelibrary.com/practice/social-contract/)) is created by the team, and when they are opening the project, they need to share how the community should work, how the communications are expected, and how the conversations must be addressed.
> 
> If you want to success extending the social contract of the team to the rest of the organization, the CoC is a good resource. It is important describe how you are expecting your contributors, users, and community members should speak each others.
> 

I am leaving a proposal in the suggestion to help you understand the way that I am thinking about this. Feel free to change this entirely :)

Also if we could somehow add the ["Social Contract"](https://openpracticelibrary.com/practice/social-contract/) concept somewhere (including the link) that would be great. Maybe it is a useful exercise for a team to do, before they write their CoC?

inclusive community environment. It sets clear expectations for behavior and establishes guidelines that
promote respectful and collaborative interactions among project contributors. A well-crafted Code of Conduct
helps prevent and address issues such as harassment, discrimination, and toxic behavior, ensuring that
everyone feels safe and valued within the project. By providing a framework for positive and inclusive
participation, a Code of Conduct encourages diverse perspectives, enhances collaboration, and ultimately

> leads to the development of higher-quality open-source software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
leads to the development of higher-quality InnerSource software.
```

* Isabel Drost-Fromm

> ## Acknowledgments

Reviewer: FYI I added this Acknowledgements section, to give praise where due :)
